Cleared field bugfix of #1211 (#1229)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug where cleared fields in a received update would not be applied to the diff. [#1229](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1229)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where empty list, maps, or options in a component update would not be applied correctly. [#1229](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1229)
```

Cleared fields + diff is an implementation detail

Author: fine

    - It will now wait for at least 1 second to elapse after the last change before writing the configuration back to disk.
- Fixed issues ([#957](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/issues/957), [#958](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/issues/958)) where valid schema would generate invalid code due to name clashes. [#1222](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1222)
    - The offending schema properties will no longer be generated and are now logged in the Unity Editor.

> - Fixed a bug where cleared fields in a received update would not be applied to the diff. [#1229](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1229)

Reviewer: Wrong section 😛

Author: woops
